README.md, before:

<a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&random=false&width=435&separator=%3D&lines=std%3A%3Aprintln(%22Hello,+world!%22);" alt="Typing SVG" />
</a>

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=FOTH0626&theme=transparent)

---

- 😉Who am I : A member of NJUPT-SAST and the head of 2024 Graphics group (only me btw)
- 📖Most language I use : C++ and GLSL ( both beginner )
- ❤What I'm learning : C++, Computer Graphics(Rendering mostly), OpenGL, Game Engine.
- 💻BTW, I use Arch Linux ( Windows also )
---
<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
![Code Time](http://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Time-253%20hrs%2042%20mins-blue)

**🐱 My GitHub Data** 

> 📦 ? Used in GitHub's Storage 
 > 
> 🏆 120 Contributions in the Year 2025
 > 
> 💼 Opted to Hire
 > 
> 📜 25 Public Repositories 
 > 
> 🔑 0 Private Repositories 
 > 
**I'm a Night 🦉** 

```text
🌞 Morning                23 commits          █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   04.31 % 
🌆 Daytime                171 commits         ████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   32.02 % 
🌃 Evening                306 commits         ██████████████░░░░░░░░░░░   57.30 % 
🌙 Night                  34 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.37 % 
```
📅 **I'm Most Productive on Tuesday** 

```text
Monday                   100 commits         █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   18.73 % 
Tuesday                  116 commits         █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   21.72 % 
Wednesday                58 commits          ███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   10.86 % 
Thursday                 79 commits          ████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   14.79 % 
Friday                   36 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.74 % 
Saturday                 78 commits          ████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   14.61 % 
Sunday                   67 commits          ███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   12.55 % 
```


📊 **This Week I Spent My Time On** 

```text
🕑︎ Time Zone: Asia/Shanghai

💬 Programming Languages: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

🔥 Editors: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

🐱‍💻 Projects: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

💻 Operating System: 
No Activity Tracked This Week
```


 Last Updated on YYYY-MM-DD UTC
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

Commit message:

Revise personal introduction and interests section
Updated personal information and interests in README.

README.md, after:

<a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&random=false&width=435&separator=%3D&lines=std%3A%3Aprintln(%22Hello,+world!%22);" alt="Typing SVG" />
</a>

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=FOTH0626&theme=transparent)

---

Why not take a look on my Blog ? : [FOTH0626](https://www.foth.top)  

Why I have a 0626 tail? : FOTH is named when I sign up, so I add a suffix generated in a Gacha Game Arknights, for avoiding same name.  

---
- 😉Who am I :
  - A member of [NJUPT-SAST](https://github.com/NJUPT-SAST) and the head of 2024 Graphics Group,
  - also, I am a member of [HUAYE STUDIO](https://github.com/HuaYe-Studio), a game development club.
- 📖Most language I use :
  -  C++
  -  C# in Unity
  -  HLSL
- ❤What I'm learning :
  - C++ development system ( C++ syntax, STL, Cmake... but all not learn good enough).
  - Computer Graphics(Rendering and CelShading mostly, RECENTLY I focus on how to manage game engine's rendering pipeline in a EASY way).
- My Devices :
  - A Fedora Linux Laptop.
  - A Windows PC.
- My interests :
  - Reading(Sci-fi, Philosophy(Existentialism), Light Novel, Detective, Programming......)
  - Anime
    - I use [Seanime](https://github.com/5rahim/seanime) to play bangumis and record.
    - You can watch my activity on [Anilist](https://anilist.co/user/foth0626).
  - Game
    - Gacha : Hoyoverse's Games mostly(GI,HSR,ZZZ).
    - Steam : [FOTH0626](https://steamcommunity.com/id/Foth0626/)
  
---
<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
![Code Time](http://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Time-253%20hrs%2042%20mins-blue)

**🐱 My GitHub Data** 

> 📦 ? Used in GitHub's Storage 
 > 
> 🏆 120 Contributions in the Year 2025
 > 
> 💼 Opted to Hire
 > 
> 📜 25 Public Repositories 
 > 
> 🔑 0 Private Repositories 
 > 
**I'm a Night 🦉** 

```text
🌞 Morning                23 commits          █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   04.31 % 
🌆 Daytime                171 commits         ████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   32.02 % 
🌃 Evening                306 commits         ██████████████░░░░░░░░░░░   57.30 % 
🌙 Night                  34 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.37 % 
```
📅 **I'm Most Productive on Tuesday** 

```text
Monday                   100 commits         █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   18.73 % 
Tuesday                  116 commits         █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   21.72 % 
Wednesday                58 commits          ███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   10.86 % 
Thursday                 79 commits          ████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   14.79 % 
Friday                   36 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.74 % 
Saturday                 78 commits          ████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   14.61 % 
Sunday                   67 commits          ███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   12.55 % 
```


📊 **This Week I Spent My Time On** 

```text
🕑︎ Time Zone: Asia/Shanghai

💬 Programming Languages: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

🔥 Editors: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

🐱‍💻 Projects: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

💻 Operating System: 
No Activity Tracked This Week
```


 Last Updated on YYYY-MM-DD UTC
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->
